Example readme and some light refactoring (#1131)
ggml-org/llama.cpp: examples/main/README.md

For information about 4-bit quantization, which can significantly improve performance and reduce memory usage, please refer to llama.cpp's primary [README](../../README.md#prepare-data--run).

By understanding and using these performance tuning settings, you can optimize the LLaMA model's behavior to achieve the best performance for your specific needs.

## Additional Options

These options provide extra functionality and customization when running the LLaMA models:

-   `-h, --help`: Display a help message showing all available options and their default values. This is particularly useful for checking the latest options and default values, as they can change frequently, and the information in this document may become outdated.
-   `--verbose-prompt`: Print the prompt before generating text.
-   `--mtest`: Test the model's functionality by running a series of tests to ensure it's working properly.

> -   `--lora FNAME`: Apply a LoRA (Layer-wise Relevance Approximation) adapter to the model (implies --no-mmap). This allows you to adapt the pretrained model to specific tasks or domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `--lora FNAME`: Apply a LoRA (Low-Rank Adaptation) adapter to the model (implies --no-mmap). This allows you to adapt the pretrained model to specific tasks or domains.
```

Should be fixed in #1145 too, don't reintroduce the same mistake here.
